DONUT OVERLAYS - HOW TO START IT
================================

If Windows said "Smart App Control blocked a file that may be unsafe",
you are in the right place. Step 1 is what stops that happening.


STEP 1 - UNBLOCK THE ZIP  (do this BEFORE unzipping)
----------------------------------------------------
Windows puts an invisible "came from the internet" mark on anything you
download, and passes that mark on to every file you unzip out of it. That
mark is what Windows blocks - not the program itself.

  1. Find donut-overlays-launcher.zip in your Downloads folder.
  2. Right-click it -> Properties.
  3. At the bottom of the General tab, tick UNBLOCK, then click OK.
     (If there is no Unblock box, Windows already trusts it - carry on.)

Do this to the ZIP, before unzipping. It takes the mark off everything
inside it in one go.

ALREADY UNZIPPED? Delete the folder you unzipped, do the three steps
above on the zip, then unzip it again. Unblocking the files one by one
afterwards works too, but there are ten of them.


STEP 2 - UNZIP IT PROPERLY
--------------------------
Right-click the zip -> EXTRACT ALL -> Extract.

Do not just double-click the zip and run things from inside the window
that opens. That window is not a real folder - Windows quietly copies the
files into a temporary place that gets wiped, and the launcher cannot
find the files it needs. If the address bar says AppData or Temp, that is
what has happened. Extract properly and use the folder you get.


STEP 3 - START IT
-----------------
Open the extracted donut-overlays folder and double-click:

    START-DONUT-OVERLAYS.bat

A black window opens. Sign in with your Donut Overlays email and
password, then pick which overlay you want to run.

Leave that black window open while you stream. Closing it stops the
overlay. It also prints your overlay link and your control panel address
every time it starts.


IF IT ASKS FOR NODE.JS
----------------------
Node.js is the free, open-source thing that actually runs the overlays.
It is made by the OpenJS Foundation, not by us, and it only needs
installing once.

On most Windows 11 PCs the launcher offers to install it for you - type
Y and press Enter, say yes to the Windows permission box, and wait a
couple of minutes. If it then says it cannot see Node yet, just
double-click START-DONUT-OVERLAYS.bat again; it works the second time.

If it cannot install it for you, it opens the download page. Click the
big green LTS button, run the installer, click Next through everything,
leave "Tools for Native Modules" UNTICKED, then start the launcher again.


STILL BLOCKED?
--------------
If Windows still refuses after Step 1, right-click
START-DONUT-OVERLAYS.bat -> Properties -> tick Unblock -> OK.

Some people turn Smart App Control off entirely. We do not recommend it:
on Windows 11 it CANNOT be switched back on again without reinstalling
Windows. Ask us in the Discord first - there is almost always a simpler
answer.


NEED A HAND?
------------
Discord: discord.gg/UPyz79jcth
Web:     donutoverlays.com


YOUR MINECRAFT NAME
-------------------
The first time you run this it asks for your Minecraft username, and
then remembers it, so it only asks once.

Type it exactly as it appears in Donut chat. Bedrock players: start it
with a full stop, like  .yourname

This is what payments are matched against. If it is wrong, payments to
you are read as somebody else's and ignored. To change it, either set it
on your account page at donutoverlays.com, or open the file called
your-minecraft-name.txt in this folder and edit it.


FOLLOW REEL (the fifth overlay)
-------------------------------
A strip of prizes runs across the screen and stops on one. Every new
follower gets a run, automatically, with their name on it. Two people
following at once both get one — the second waits its turn.

Set your prizes up in its control panel: what each tile says, a picture
for it, and how often it should come up. The percentage next to each one
is the real chance it will land there. Prizes are saved next to this file
in wheel-prizes.json and survive restarting.

Every win is written to wheel-wins.json, with the name and the time. That
is the list of things you now owe people, so keep it.

To have it watch TikTok for follows by itself, you need one extra piece.
Open this folder in a terminal and run:

    npm install tiktok-live-connector

It is optional. Without it the reel still works — the control panel can
run it, and so can anything that can make a web request:

    POST http://localhost:8094/follow   with   {"name":"someone"}

That address only accepts requests from your own PC and your own network.

Be aware that the TikTok part is unofficial. TikTok does not offer a
supported way to tell a program about a follow, so it uses the same feed
the web player uses. It works, and it breaks whenever TikTok changes
something — which is exactly why the address above exists as a way in
that nobody else controls.
